Restore ability to make primitive projections hint opaque. (#18785)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/08-vernac-commands-and-options/18785-janno-fix-dnet-proj.rst

- **Added:**

>   new vernacular command :cmd:`Hint Projections` similar to :cmd:`Hint Constants`
>   but applying to projections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Hint Projections` command that sets the transparency flag for projections
  for the specified hint databases.
```

"Added" already implies "new"
Better just to say what it does rather than compare it to an existing command.

Reviewer 2: Done.
